Add blurb about rate limits and site stability (#151)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/platform/rate-limiting.mdx

import Link from "@docusaurus/Link";

> Memfault uses employs rate limiting to prevent against malfunctioning devices
> from causing excessive amounts of traffic on the platform, which in turns
> improves site stability. Rate limits also help us provide fair pricing to our
> customers.
> 
> Below is a list of the API's and payloads that may be rate-limited:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memfault employs rate limiting to prevent malfunctioning devices
from causing excessive amounts of traffic on the platform, which in turn
improves site stability. Rate limits also help us provide fair pricing to our
customers.

Below is a list of the APIs and payloads that may be rate-limited:
```
